# SNHUCS405.SecureCoding
This is a repository for work completed in SNHU CS-405. 

#### The exposure to topics like secure coding standards, not leaving security to the end, assessing risk, and zero trust has been invaluable. Though, admittedly, I am not an expert on secure coding after one course, the knowledge of the basic types of code induced problems will remain with me throughout my career. 
####	Staring the course off with coding assignments in the first week rattled me, but, after being able to identify a logical issue with the framework code provided by the school, the exercise began to provide me confidence that I understood the core principles behind a basic overflow situation. I was able to point out that, in cases where a supposed overflow occurred, one had not truly occurred. By the conclusion of the sixth module, I was familiar with concepts centered around why security should be considered during development. Input validation, error handling, and design focused on simplicity will constantly be in the front of my mind while coding in the future. 
#### Test driven development that is tightly aligned with the project requirements have taken on a new importance after seeing how vulnerable poorly written code can be. I was able to overwrite existing values due to a minor design flaw. Without the ability to anticipate attacks and understand motivations it is impossible to know what to test for. Coding standards also provide guide rails for developers, and I did my best to provide examples that were easy to understand in the document I created. I think that having examples of poorly written code and examples of what is expected is one of the best resources I included in my secure coding standard. 

